h2. ScalaCollider-Swing ==<small>-- version 0.15 (built 11-Jun-10) --</small>==

h3. statement

ScalaCollider-Swing is a Swing GUI front-end for ScalaCollider. (C)opyright 2008-2010 by Hanns Holger Rutz. All rights reserved. It is released under the "GNU General Public License":http://github.com/Sciss/ScalaColliderSwing/blob/master/licenses/ScalaColliderSwing-License.txt and comes with absolutely no warranties. To contact the author, send an email to @contact at sciss.de@

h3. requirements / installation

ScalaCollider-Swing currently compiles against the Scala 2.8.0.RC2 and requires Java 1.6. The repository contains a project file for Intellij IDEA 9 CE, and project files for sbt. Targets for sbt:

* @clean@
* @compile@
* @doc@
* @package@
* @standalone@
* @package-app@

Where @standalone@ creates a fully self-contained jar, and @package-app@ updates the Mac OS X application bundle.

To install the dependancies, run @sbt update@ first. The dependancies "ScalaOSC":http://github.com/Sciss/ScalaOSC, "ScalaInterpreterPane":http://github.com/Sciss/ScalaInterpreterPane, and "ScalaCollider":http://github.com/Sciss/ScalaCollider currently have no repository entries. The easiest way to install them is to clone their respective gits and make them locally available through @sbt publish-local@. E.g. for ScalaOSC:

pre. $ cd <somewhere>
$ git clone git://github.com/Sciss/ScalaOSC.git scalaosc
$ cd scalaosc
$ sbt publish-local

Note that due to an incompatibility between Scala 2.8.0-RC2 and sbt 0.7.3, it is not possible to run using @sbt run@. You can use the application bundle instead on OS X:

pre. $ sbt package-app
$ open ./ScalaColliderSwing.app

...or create the fully self-contained (double-clickable) jar on other platforms:

pre. $ sbt standalone
$ java -jar ./ScalaColliderSwing-full.jar

h3. documentation

There is a small screencast intro at "www.screencast.com/t/YjUwNDZjMT":http://www.screencast.com/t/YjUwNDZjMT

h3. download

The current version can be downloaded from "github.com/Sciss/ScalaColliderSwing":http://github.com/Sciss/ScalaColliderSwing

